Add issue templates for community plugins (#45)
mattermost/mattermost-marketplace: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/add_plugin.md

---
name: Add plugin
about: Request to add your plugin to the Marketplace
title: "Add $REPOSITORY_NAME to Marketplace"
labels: Plugin/New
assignees: hanzei

---
<!--
Thank you very for submitting your plugin for consideration! A review process is required to ensure your plugin adheres to the quality standard of the Marketplace. This process may take a couple of weeks depending on Mattermost staff availability and any changes that are required.

> Read https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/community-plugin-marketplace/ before submitting your plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [this guide](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/community-plugin-marketplace0 before submitting your plugin.
```

Author: Actually, comment in Markdown are plain text. Hence, links don't get resolved.

-->

#### Summary
<!--
A brief description what your plugin does. Consider including screenshots to help illustrate.
-->

> #### Review Commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Review commit
```

<!--

> Please link to an open-source repository and release that should be used for review. It does not suffice to point at an already built plugin: Mattermost code reviews and builds all plugins itself when listing in the marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please link to an open source repository and release that should be used for review. As Mattermost code reviews and builds all plugins itself when listing in the Marketplace, the link cannot point at an already built plugin.
```

-->

## Checklist
<!--

> Please go trough this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfil every item, leave a comment explaining why.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please go through this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfil every item, leave a comment explaining why.
```

> Please go through this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfil every item, leave a comment explaining why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go through this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfill every item, leave a comment explaining why.
```

-->

> **Product Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Product requirements**
```

- [ ] The plugin is published under an Apache v2 compatible license (e.g. no GPL, APGL). A list of compatible licenses can be found [here](https://apache.org/legal/resolved.html#category-a).
- [ ] The source code is available in a public git repository.
- [ ] There is a public issue or bug tracker for the plugin, which is linked in the plugin documentation and linked via `support_url` in the manifest.

> - [ ] The plugin provides detailed usage documentation with at least one screenshot of the plugin in action, list of features and a development guide. This is typically a `README` file or a landing page on the web. The link to the documentation is set as `homepage_url` in the manifest. A great example is the [`README` of the GitHub plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/blob/master/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The plugin provides detailed usage documentation with at least one screenshot of the plugin in action, list of features, and a development guide. This is typically a `README` file or a landing page on the web. The link to the documentation is set as `homepage_url` in the manifest. A great example is the [`README` of the GitHub plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/blob/master/README.md).
```

- [ ] For the current release and upcoming ones a changelog has to be published, with a link recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest.
- [ ] The plugin has to be out of Beta and be released with at least v1.0.0.

> - [ ] All configuration is accessible via the Mattermost UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All configuration is accessible via the Mattermost System Console.
```

Author: @justinegeffen The configuration doesn't have to be in the System Console. It could e.g. also happen via a Slash Command.

> - [ ] All configuration is accessible via the UI of Mattermost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All configuration is accessible via the Mattermost UI.
```

- [ ] The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/manifest-reference/#id).

> **Technical Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Technical requirements**
```

- [ ] The plugin works for 60k concurrent connections and in a high-availability deployment. **Note:** There are currently no publicly-available tools to verify these properties. As such, they are checked during code review by a developer.
- [ ] The plugin logs important events on appropriate log levels to allow System Admins to troubleshoot issues.

> **Security Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Security requirements**
```

- [ ] Security reviews do not reveal any exploitable vulnerabilities in the plugin.

> - [ ] The plugin provides an email address or a username on the [Community Server](https://community.mattermost.com) used to report vulnerabilities in the future.

Reviewer 2: Presumably, this is something the author might want to communicate privately (vs. posting on a GitHub issue)?
```
- [ ] You provide an email address or a username on the [Community Server](https://community.mattermost.com) used to report vulnerabilities in the future.
```

Author: I agree that it be made clear that the author doesn't have to post it on GH. Currently, this item is one a c&p from the items list on mattermost.dev. Hence I  would like to keep the sentence as it is. What do you think about
```suggestion
- [ ] The plugin provides an email address or a username on the [Community Server](https://community.mattermost.com) used to report vulnerabilities in the future. Please post it into this issue or send it to ben.schumacher@mattermost.com.
```

> - [ ] The plugin provides an email address or a username on the [Community Server](https://community.mattermost.com) used to report vulnerabilities in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The plugin provides an email address or a username on the [Community server](https://community.mattermost.com) used to report vulnerabilities in the future.
```

Author: @justinegeffen On https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation/pull/524 we went with `Community Server` instead of `Community server`, which makes sense to me given it's a proper name.

> **Functional Requirements**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Functional requirements**
```

---
name: Add plugin
about: Request to add your plugin to the Marketplace
title: "Add $REPOSITORY_NAME to Marketplace"
labels: Plugin/New
assignees: hanzei

---
<!--

> Thank you very for submitting your Plugin! It will go through a review process to make sure it follow the quality standard  of the Marketplace. This process might take a couple of weeks bepending on how many changes are needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank you very for submitting your plugin for consideration! A review process is required to ensure your plugin adheres to the quality standard of the Marketplace. This process may take a couple of weeks depending on Mattermost staff availability and any changes that are required.
```

> Read https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/community-plugin-marketplace/ before submitting your plugin.

Reviewer 2: Doesn't resolve yet, but I'm assuming that's because it's just under review.

Author: Once https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation/pull/524 is merged, it should resolve.

-->

#### Summary
<!--

> A brief description what your plugin does.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A brief description what your plugin does. Consider including screenshots to help illustrate.
```

-->

#### Review Commit
<!--

> Please link the commit or release that should be used for review.

Reviewer 2: I realize this is redundant given the checklist below, but I wonder if the high-level summary would still be useful.

```suggestion
Please link to an open-source repository and release that should be used for review. It does not suffice to point at an already built plugin: Mattermost code reviews and builds all plugins itself when listing in the marketplace.
```

-->

## Checklist
<!--

> Please go trough this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfil every item, leave a comment explaining why and if you will fix this.

Reviewer 2: Simplify:
```suggestion
Please go trough this checklist and confirm every item. If your plugin doesn't fulfil every item, leave a comment explaining why.
```

-->

> **Product Requirements**

Author: If there are any updates on https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation/pull/524, I will update this list.

It's a bit annoying to sync these two on every change, but I think it's worth.

- [ ] The plugin is published under an Apache v2 compatible license (e.g. no GPL, APGL). A list of compatible licenses can be found [here](https://apache.org/legal/resolved.html#category-a).
- [ ] The source code is available in a public git repository.
- [ ] There is a public issue or bug tracker for the plugin, which is linked in the plugin documentation and linked via `support_url` in the manifest.
- [ ] The plugin provides detailed usage documentation with at least one screenshot of the plugin in action, list of features and a development guide. This is typically a README file or a landing page on the web. The link to the documentation is set as `homepage_url` in the manifest. A great example is the [README of the GitHub plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/blob/master/README.md).

> - [ ] For every release a changelog has to be publish. The link to it is noted via `release_notes_url` in the manifest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] For every release a changelog has to be published. The link to it is noted via `release_notes_url` in the manifest.
```
